Added OAuth1 functionality to the generic HTTP connector (#1321)
cyberark/secretless-broker: internal/plugin/connectors/http/generic/README.md

you can compose functions using pipes `|`.  See the text template package docs linked
above for detailed information on these and other features.

### `oauth1`

Like `headers` this is another key section. The `oauth1` section is used to generate
an OAuth1 `Authorization` header.

> **Note: This will override any `Authorization` header that

Reviewer: See https://github.com/cyberark/secretless-broker/pull/1321#discussion_r468078916

you can compose functions using pipes `|`.  See the text template package docs linked
above for detailed information on these and other features.

### `oauth1`
Like `headers` this is another key section. The `oauth1` section is used to generate
an OAuth1 `Authorization` header. This will override any `Authorization` header that

> you have previously specified in your configuration.

Reviewer 2: We should make this last line bold since it's important for the user to see

Reviewer: We still need to add a panic for this scenario

There are four required _keys_ for the `oauth1` section which are as follows:
1. `consumer_key`
1. `consumer_secret`
1. `token`

> 1. `token_secret`

Reviewer 2: These fields should have descriptions attached here as to what they are (or links to where you can find out more about them)

The oauth1 _values_ are defined using a [Go text
template](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/), as defined in the
`text/template` package.

You can refer to your credentials in this template using the credential name

> preceded by a `.` (eg, `.consumer_key` and `.token` refer to the credentials

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
preceded by a `.` (e.g. `.consumer_key` and `.token` refer to the credentials
```

`consumer_key` and `token`). At runtime, Secretless will replace these

> credential references with your real credentials.

Reviewer 2: An example here would be good
